oscar meyer deli fresh meats slice
packed and feel that the peak of
freshness they're impossible to resist
you're gonna eat all that I love you oh
man I can get into that suit right now
no it's just a movie right I know
Iron Man ability LG ingenuity together
in every LG phone it is
baseball again my girlfriend doesn't get
me she thinks I'm strange motivo my tivo
gets me it knows that I like baseball so
it records everything with the word
baseball in it it's more than just a DVR
my tivo actually learns what I watch and
it goes and gets it for me my girlfriend
now she doesn't get me like motivo deals
honey and I could pause anytime my tivo
gets me
you can
when you think about it there's so much
in life worth celebrating
from the smallest moments
to the biggest milestones
to beginning January joining us at one
of our parks on your birthday absolutely
free
register your birthday now in disney
parks calm
what will you celebrate at the place
where dreams come true
it's got a serious audio system and it's
not afraid to use it the 2008 civic
coupe from Honda
you